now the Israeli military says a senior
local Hamas Commander was amongst three
Palestinians killed on the third day of
a major Israeli operation in the
occupied West Bank eyewitnesses say
Israeli undercover forces attempted to
detain a man in a village near Janine
when they tried to flee their car was
struck by an Israeli drone Israeli
forces are now thought to have withdrawn
from the city of taram where five
Palestinians were killed on Thursday
well I'm joined by Sharon husk a member
of the Israeli Parliament the nesset for
the national un party thank you very
much for being with us today um do you
support the government's operation in
the West Bank because you will have seen
leaders from the UN from other countries
have have expressed concern at the
escalation in the
region well the IDF is protecting and
defending our children our citizens
these operations are operation to
eliminate Terror cells violent cells of
Hamas today uh that was one of the heads
the terror cells of Hamas in Janine that
was eliminated the two that were with
him were actually from the Islamic Jihad
and from the fat which is tied to the
Palestinian Authority it means that ever
since I think it was two days ago when
khed mash who is a senior Hamas leader
who called up for everybody in Hamas in
Judea in Samaria the West Bank to go out
on and and act and and and commit acts
of terrorism of murder of suicide
attacks suicide bombings so right now we
are on the guard and are trying to
eliminate that threat for our
communities for our children can I just
put to you a statement from from the
British foreign office which says the UK
is deeply concerned by the ongoing IDF
military operation in the occupied West
Bank we recognize Israel's need to
defend itself against security threats
but we're deeply worried by the methods
Israel's employed by reports of Civilian
casualties and the D ruction of Civilian
infrastructure now the UK is obviously a
long-standing
Ally and and political supporter of
Israel but you know the British
government is expressing its concerns
today so look here in Israel we are
fighting a multi-front war against Iran
Iran is sending its tentacles from all
around from Lebanon from Yemen from Iraq
from Syria and is trying to ignite this
violence from within as well including
Judea and Samaria we expect our allies
our friend to stand beside us when we
are actually fighting on our survival
this is our second Independence war and
you know that if Hamas wouldn't have
opened this murderous most violent
attack that Israel's has actually
everever uh uh uh um ever experienced
this would have never happened before we
didn't want this war this is this is
happening at the same time um that that
many International uh players are trying
to help a resolution a peaceful
resolution and the concern is that even
with those security concerns that Israel
obviously has that this escalation is is
going to further ignite those tensions
and not yield not lead not help lead to
a peaceful resolution which is
presumably what everybody wants Israel
once uh the hostages
returned absolutely gaita I mean don't
forget a ceas fire will be possible when
all of our hostages are back we have
more than a hundred brothers and sisters
and parents and babies and grandparents
who are being held in the dungeons of
torture of Kamas being abused being
sexually abused being starved uh we have
released one of the prisoners a Muslim
Israeli uh uh hostage that Kamas kept
for 10 months he returned 25 kilos less
he said there was no food they were
abusing him I mean any other country
would have never stopped looking for
their family members for their Community
for 100 hostages and will not stop until
they will be returned I I mean this is
what any country would have done and
this is what we are doing here in
Israel and obviously I'm so sorry if if
you don't mind we'll have to leave it
there but um thank you very much indeed
for being with us and uh we do
appreciate your time today thank you
thank you very much